---
layout: docwithnav-trendz
title: Trendz Analytics v1.14.x upgrade instructions for CentOS
description: Trendz Analytics v1.14.x upgrade guide for CentOS
active-menu-item-click: "true"
breadcrumbs: true
breadcrumbs-steps: 2
breadcrumbs-show: 2
effective-url: '/docs/trendz/install/upgrade-instructions/'
---

* TOC
{:toc}

{% include docs/trendz/install/prepare.md %}

### Upgrading Trendz Analytics to 1.14.0

{% capture difference %}
**NOTE:**
<br>
After upgrading it is required to update Trendz widget bundle in ThingsBoard. You can find detailed instructions how to do that via Trendz UI in [Trendz Widget Bundle upgrade](/docs/trendz/post-installation-steps/#trendz-widget-bundle) article.
<br>
[**Prepare**](#prepare-for-upgrading-trendz-analytics) for upgrading Trendz Analytics.
{% endcapture %}
{% include templates/info-banner.md content=difference %}

{% capture tb_python_executor_note %}
**Important note before upgrading to Trendz 1.14.0**

From version 1.14.0, python calculation fields and prediction models could be utilized only using Trendz Python Executor service which can be used only inside the docker.

If you are already using Trendz Python Executor via Docker, it's necessary to update it to version 1.14.0 before Trendz update. You can find detailed instructions on how to do that [here](/docs/trendz/install/python-executor-configuration/#how-to-migrate-trendz-python-executor-1132-to-trendz-python-executor-1140).

If you were not using Python Executor before, you need to install it via Docker. You can find detailed instructions on how to do that [here](/docs/trendz/install/python-executor-configuration/#python-executor-standalone-installation).
{% endcapture %}
{% include templates/warn-banner.md content=tb_python_executor_note %}

#### Trendz Analytics package download

{% include resources.liquid version="1.14.0" kind="centos-download" trendz="true" %}

#### Trendz Analytics service upgrade

* Install Trendz Analytics service

{% include resources.liquid version="1.14.0" kind="centos-installation" trendz="true" %}

**NOTE:** Package installer will ask you to merge your Trendz configuration. It is preferred to use **merge option** to make sure that all your previous parameters will not be overwritten.

Execute regular upgrade script:

```bash
sudo /usr/share/trendz/bin/install/upgrade.sh --fromVersion=1.13.2
```
{: .copy-code}

#### Start the service

```bash
sudo service trendz start
```
{: .copy-code}
