---
layout: docwithnav-trendz
title: Trendz Analytics v1.15.x upgrade instructions for Windows
description: Trendz Analytics v1.15.x upgrade guide for Windows
active-menu-item-click: "true"
breadcrumbs: true
breadcrumbs-steps: 2
breadcrumbs-show: 2
effective-url: '/docs/trendz/install/upgrade-instructions/'
---

* TOC
{:toc}

### Upgrading Trendz Analytics to 1.15.0

{% capture tb_haproxy_note %}
**Important note before upgrading to Trendz 1.15.0**

If you are using Trendz behind **HAProxy**, make sure that the paths **`/trendz/`** and **`/apiTrendz/`** are routed to the Trendz backend instead of **`/trendz`** and **`/apiTrendz`**.

Additionally, we highly recommend adding Trendz to the **ThingsBoard HAProxy configuration** so that Trendz is accessible from the **same domain as ThingsBoard**.
{% endcapture %}
{% include templates/warn-banner.md content=tb_haproxy_note %}

#### Trendz Analytics package download

Download Trendz Analytics installation package for Windows: [trendz-windows-1.15.0.zip](https://dist.thingsboard.io/trendz-windows-1.15.0.zip).

#### Trendz Analytics service upgrade

* Stop Trendz service if it is running.

```text
net stop trendz
```
{: .copy-code}

* Make a backup of previous Trendz Analytics configuration located in \<Trendz install dir\>\conf (for ex. C:\trendz\conf).
* Remove ThingsBoard install dir.
* Unzip installation archive to ThingsBoard install dir.
* Compare your old Trendz configuration files (from the backup you made in the first step) with new ones.

* Finally, run **upgrade.bat** script to upgrade Trendz to the new version.

**NOTE** Scripts listed above should be executed using Administrator Role.

```text
C:\trendz>upgrade.bat
```
{: .copy-code}

#### Start the service

```text
net start trendz
```
{: .copy-code}

#### Sync Trendz with ThingsBoard

After upgrade, it's necessary to sync Trendz with ThingsBoard. You can find out how to do it [here](/docs/trendz/install/windows#step-6-sync-thingsboard-with-trendz).
