---
layout: docwithnav-trendz
title: Trendz Analytics v1.14.x upgrade instructions for Windows
description: Trendz Analytics v1.14.x upgrade guide for Windows
active-menu-item-click: "true"
breadcrumbs: true
breadcrumbs-steps: 2
breadcrumbs-show: 2
effective-url: '/docs/trendz/install/upgrade-instructions/'
---

* TOC
{:toc}

### Upgrading Trendz Analytics to 1.14.0

**NOTE** These steps are applicable for 1.13.2 Trendz Analytics version.

After upgrading to the latest version it is required to update Trendz widget bundle in ThingsBoard. You can find detailed instructions how to do that via Trendz UI in [Trendz Widget Bundle upgrade](/docs/trendz/post-installation-steps/#trendz-widget-bundle) article.

{% capture tb_python_executor_note %}
**Important note before upgrading to Trendz 1.14.0**

From version 1.14.0, python calculation fields and prediction models could be utilized only using Trendz Python Executor service which can be used only inside the docker.

If you are already using Trendz Python Executor via Docker, it's necessary to update it to version 1.14.0 before Trendz update. You can find detailed instructions on how to do that [here](/docs/trendz/install/python-executor-configuration/#how-to-migrate-trendz-python-executor-1132-to-trendz-python-executor-1140).

If you were not using Python Executor before, you need to install it via Docker. You can find detailed instructions on how to do that [here](/docs/trendz/install/python-executor-configuration/#python-executor-standalone-installation).
{% endcapture %}
{% include templates/warn-banner.md content=tb_python_executor_note %}

#### Trendz Analytics package download

Download Trendz Analytics installation package for Windows: [trendz-windows-1.14.0.zip](https://dist.thingsboard.io/trendz-windows-1.14.0.zip).

#### Trendz Analytics service upgrade

* Stop Trendz service if it is running.

```text
net stop trendz
```
{: .copy-code}

* Make a backup of previous Trendz Analytics configuration located in \<Trendz install dir\>\conf (for ex. C:\trendz\conf).
* Remove ThingsBoard install dir.
* Unzip installation archive to ThingsBoard install dir.
* Compare your old Trendz configuration files (from the backup you made in the first step) with new ones.

* Finally, run **upgrade.bat** script to upgrade Trendz to the new version.

**NOTE** Scripts listed above should be executed using Administrator Role.

```text
C:\trendz>upgrade.bat --fromVersion=1.13.2
```
{: .copy-code}

#### Start the service

```text
net start trendz
```
{: .copy-code}
